README.md, before:

# Angular2+ - ShoppingCart [![HitCount](http://hits.dwyl.io/ikismail/Angular4-ShoppingCart.svg)](http://hits.dwyl.io/ikismail/Angular4-ShoppingCart)
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/ikismail/Angular4-ShoppingCart.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/ikismail/Angular4-ShoppingCart)
[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-green.svg)](https://github.com/ikismail/Angular4-ShoppingCart/blob/master/LICENSE)
[![GitHub issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/ikismail/Angular4-ShoppingCart.svg)](https://github.com/ikismail/Angular4-ShoppingCart/issues)
[![](https://img.shields.io/github/release/ikismail/Angular4-ShoppingCart.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/ikismail/Angular4-ShoppingCart/releases)

Developing a **ShoppingCart (Ecommerce) Application using Angular2+**.

**Live Demo** : [angular4-shopping-cart](https://angular4-shopping-cart.herokuapp.com/)

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 1.5.4.

## Functionalities

1. User Registration
2. CRUD Operations like

* User can add product to his cart.
* Admin can add product to the product list
* Admin can edit/delete the product.

3. Security

* Implmented Authentication and Authorization

## Tools and Technologies

* Technology: HTML, MDBootstrap, CSS, Angular2+, Firebase, Charts, Progressive Web Application.
* Database : Angular Firebase.

#### This Projects covers all fundamentals of Angular

* Template and DataBinding
* Form Validation
* Multiple Modules
* HttpClient
* Routing & Navigation
* Service Workers
* Pipes.. etc.


#### Screenshots:

##### Home Page shot 1:

![Alt text](https://github.com/ikismail/Angular4-ShoppingCart/blob/master/screenshots/home.PNG "Home Page")

##### Products Page:

![Alt text](https://github.com/ikismail/Angular4-ShoppingCart/blob/master/screenshots/products.PNG "Home Page")



## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `-prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).

## License

- [MIT license](https://github.com/aaradhanas/showdown-editor/blob/master/LICENSE)

Commit message:

Updated readme.md added installation guide

README.md, after:

# Angular2+ - ShoppingCart
 <!-- [![HitCount](http://hits.dwyl.io/ikismail/Angular4-ShoppingCart.svg)](http://hits.dwyl.io/ikismail/Angular4-ShoppingCart) -->
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/ikismail/Angular4-ShoppingCart.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/ikismail/Angular4-ShoppingCart)
[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-green.svg)](https://github.com/ikismail/Angular4-ShoppingCart/blob/master/LICENSE)
[![GitHub issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/ikismail/Angular4-ShoppingCart.svg)](https://github.com/ikismail/Angular4-ShoppingCart/issues)
[![](https://img.shields.io/github/release/ikismail/Angular4-ShoppingCart.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/ikismail/Angular4-ShoppingCart/releases)

Developing a **ShoppingCart (Ecommerce) Application using Angular2+**.

**Live Demo** : [angular4-shopping-cart](https://angular4-shopping-cart.herokuapp.com/)

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 1.5.4.

## Functionalities

1. User Registration
2. CRUD Operations like

* User can add product to his cart.
* Admin can add product to the product list
* Admin can edit/delete the product.

3. Security

* Implmented Authentication and Authorization

## Tools and Technologies

* Technology: HTML, MDBootstrap, CSS, Angular2+, Firebase, Charts, Progressive Web Application.
* Database : Angular Firebase.

#### This Projects covers all fundamentals of Angular

* Template and DataBinding
* Form Validation
* Multiple Modules
* HttpClient
* Routing & Navigation
* Service Workers
* Pipes.. etc.


#### Screenshots:

##### Home Page shot 1:

![Alt text](https://github.com/ikismail/Angular4-ShoppingCart/blob/master/screenshots/home.PNG "Home Page")

##### Products Page:

![Alt text](https://github.com/ikismail/Angular4-ShoppingCart/blob/master/screenshots/products.PNG "Home Page")



## Installation

1. Angular CLI 
    * [Download Angular CLI](https://cli.angular.io/)
2. NodeJs
    * [Download Nodejs](https://nodejs.org/en/download/)
3. Package Manager - NPM / Yarn
4. Clone the repository and run `npm install` if you use **npm** as package manager or `yarn install` if you use **yarn** as package manager.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `-prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).

## License

- [MIT license](https://github.com/ikismail/Angular4-ShoppingCart/blob/master/LICENSE)
